you may have heard the conditions in
China have gone from bad to worse in
today's video I'm going to show you how
that has deteriorated even further you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you we have to understand that
China is a bellweather they are a signal
of what's happening globally they are
whether we like it or not right now the
manufacturer of the world their
Logistics are farther than any other
country out there and so we pay
attention to that as an indication of
what's happening globally and right now
it is screaming red flags are waving and
I'm going to show you the details right
now can you believe that everr Country
Garden and the real estate crisis has
actually gotten worse yes even worse let
me show you let's begin right here the
debt situation obviously it's not just
China everywhere this has become a
problem there's no question and it's
only only going to get worse why because
China has stepped up their economic aid
with new debt issuance and you could see
right here fiscal debt ratio raised to
about 3.8% of the GDP from 3% so
essentially saying we're going to do
more than what we did before we've got
to get the economy moving again we have
to get things rolling and we want to
export more but there's a problem these
countries are saying well we don't need
more we don't need all that stuff right
now because we bought so much of it and
there's not enough demand retailers in
the United States are effectively you
know sitting on a lot of inventory they
can't really sell that off they're doing
so at discounted prices and I think
right now inside of you know the whole
holiday shopping Black Friday all that
there's going to be big sales from a lot
of these retailers simply clearing out
the last year's inventory we'll see what
happens I paying close attention to that
for my businesses of course we'll see
what the expectation of the consumer is
looking at China's Sovereign wealth fund
buying shares in the big four Banks now
this was from earlier but I felt that it
was important to show you that actually
they're going in not only doing debt
issuance but they are buying up the
shares of the companies trying to put a
floor they're trying to put a floor in
every aspect here and so we see that
right now come in and they don't hide it
it's not like in the United States a
plung Protection Team you never know
when they're at work but in China they
make it clear looking at this um
unemployment is a factor and so you know
this is for youth unemployment but you
see what happens and part of that is is
a cultural change where we have seen
people young people in China they're
saying I don't want to work in the
factories I don't want to work there I'd
rather work somewhere else not going to
do that stuff and so that's created a
hard time for these factories because
that's a lot of the jobs inside China if
you don't have the youth coming in to
work on that well then you have to start
paying more money to the existing group
of people that are willing to work in
order to incentivize that but that's
that puts pressure upward pressure on
the prices and guess what when Walmart
and all the other retailers out there
are asking for stuff well then the supp
buyers are saying we got to charge you
more remember we used to charge you $10
a unit now we got to charge you 11 costs
are up and that means they go back and
they say Okay customer we were charging
you $30 for that product now we're going
to charge you 35 because they are
increasing their price and of course
they always want a bigger margin the
biggest that they can handle anyway and
this is a good indication as well Metals
super cycle to clash with gloomy global
economy specific speically saying that
there's cooling EV electric vehicle
demand in China and so copper is a big
one to watch but of course all the
metals if they need to build buildings
they would do that they would be using
copper they using cement they would use
all these different things but now
they're not doing so as much as they did
before because their real estate
industry not exactly doing so well at
the same time electric vehicles they can
only build so many there are a lot but
they're also trying to export those too
and so they want to be the biggest car
manufacturer for export they want to do
this um coming at a time in which things
are very expensive and the economy not
looking so uh healthy right here they
need to grow and so what are they going
to do how they going to get out of this
right now they're trying to stimulate
their way out and my message to you for
this video today for those who have
stayed this far in is to understand that
if they are able to generate at a lot of
inflation inside of China that that will
spill over into the whole world you got
to understand how this pattern operates
it will go from China to the rest of the
world and then we will see central banks
around the world cutting interest rates
printing money and of course government
spending spending spending so watch
China carefully and understand that it
is an indication of what will happen to
you no matter where you are Mega cap
China Tech Bears the brunt of the
deepening Foreigner Exodus um so right
now there's this back and forth there's
this tension there's the bricks Nations
all these things happening and so
foreigners are saying I'm taking my
money out of here I'm running for the
hills I'm going to put it somewhere else
maybe I'm going to put in US Stocks
maybe I'll put in US bonds but I don't
want to have as much exposure to China
because we don't know what's going to
happen China suffers is plunging foreign
direct investment amid geopolitical
tensions just showing us the data uh
basically the foreign direct investment
tumbled 34% in September after recording
a double digit fall every month since
May so it's just constant constant
constant okay I'm trying to give you the
real data and that brings me to real
estate it's still compounding the effect
is still going on right now and I need
to bring you some details China's giant
property uh giant property developer
Country Garden has declared in default
on its debt after failing to make a bond
repayment and so this is it they can't
pay and we are seeing that over and over
and over again Country Garden massive
ever Grand massive Country Garden has
more properties than evergrand does
evergrand is more in debt but both of
them
together are massive on on you know when
you look at this globally but most
important you got to look at that debt
and what are they going to do about it
there is no resolution to it this is the
crisis ultimately can't be fixed and the
demographics problem on top of it makes
this even worse so I'm telling you right
now watch the inflationary factors they
can always fix the problem but not
without inflation okay problems are
arising today it's crunch time for the
world's most indebted property developer
evergr faces Liquidation in a case that
could set a precedent for the troubled
Chinese developers we're going to see
what unfolds here just understand it's
one company after another HSBC takes
$500 million hit on Chinese real estate
and warns of further deterioration like
I said the problems are not over HSBC
you're a little behind the curve because
I've been talking about this for a while
now okay ping on real estate is China's
property's new hot potato and you will
see that like I said one after the other
after the other okay that's the point
and so we can see for ourselves what is
happening right now today that the
problems in China have only been
exacerbated by number one starting with
the lockdowns and then of course we've
has we gone into this real problematic
era of we need stimul to grow and that
is not a sensible long-term thing but
what all governments will do is they
will need to go into more debt just like
we saw with China more debt issuance and
how do you resolve that well you've got
to get investors to come in and buy that
in the US certainly they can do that but
as more debt is issued what happens is
the yields start to rise and so that
means instead instead of giving let's
say you going to buy you know they wrap
this debt up in a package and they say
okay this is a little package right here
we're going to offer this at 5% okay
this debt is 10 year it's got 5% okay
great but the more debt that you issue
essentially you increase that yield you
increase that percentage and so it's not
5% it's 5.2 it's 5.5 who knows who knows
how high it will go depends how much
debt they issue but they can't fund that
right you got to the government has to
eventually pay that back but they can't
do it so the interest that they owe is
going to be incredible they they
literally mathematically pushing
themselves into a place where they have
to print money in order to resolve the
crisis and of course the devaluation of
the currency will commence if you want
to know the details about you know
basically what I what I show you right
here is Seeking Alpha and what I like to
do is look at what happens within any
particular industry any particular
situation check out Seeking Alpha
because they the the paid version they
always have better information than what
you'll find like the generic news
because the paid info they're not
worried about keywords keyword stuffing
making sure the article has all the
right things like for no reason they
just mention something why because those
are keyword phrases that they want to
show up with search engine optimization
I want the data I don't care about SEO
okay but that's what happens when you
get free info and so you know this is
the problem that we have right now but
when you pay you simply just get the
info that you need so check the link out
this is a 7-Day free trial just go
through there and and play around with
it okay Link in the description you'll
see that and the comment of the day I
just want to just touch on it a little
bit here Dan says China is no different
than any other startup company as long
as the investors are happy the money
will flow China is doing everything
possible to satisfy the New York Global
Banks and investors who have engineered
China's rise in so far as risk is
concerned they are spreading their bases
their technology Gap doesn't really
exist as long as the transfer of
advanced developments continues unabated
what do you think is that true is that
accurate I'll leave that up to you I
want to thank you for your comment there
I want to thank you for all your
comments if you appreciate this
information hit that thumbs up button
when you do you're supporting the
channel so I want to say thank you to
you for doing so and of course as always
definitely come back tomorrow because
I've got some really good info I want to
share take care